Ready to start hosting yet? Get our application here!

Cohost Homepage

Solution

Homestays, Villa, Resort, Apartment chains Solutions for the owners of homestays, villas, resorts, apartment chains

Hotel & hotel chains Solutions for hotel owners & hotel chains

Serviced Apartments Solutions for serviced apartment owners

Cohost Solutions for Cohost

Service

Website Website creation & design

About us

Pricing

Pricing

Learn more

BlogAcademyRecruitFrequently Asked Questions

Contact

VI

EN

Sign in Try now Hamburger Menu

Vacancies

Bussiness Developer Cohost AI Vietnam is a pioneer in applying technology to operating a home-sharing, multi-platform accommodation business; was established in Silicon Valley, the USA by Vietnamese and international experts.

Job description Monitor and evaluate industry trends and customer drivers, and meet regularly with management and stakeholders to discuss strategy Generate new leads, identify and contact decision-makers, screen potential business opportunities, select deals in line with strategies, and facilitate pitch logistics Promotion of commercialization of our App (participating in events, workshops; webinars,...). Coordinate with the marketing team to come up with product promotion ideas. Develop and implement overarching outbound sales and business development strategy, sales processes, structure, and best practices across the company Support deal structure and pricing with business-value analysis, and negotiate prices for proactive bids and proposals. Consulting, answering information of customers and partners about the company's products. Communicate regularly with customers about using the App to continuously upgrade the App to give users a better experience. Maintain and share professional knowledge through education, networking, events, and presentations Requirements At least 1 year working in BD position (or a similar position) in the field of tourism, hotel management, real estate, F&B University graduate majoring: Tourism, hotel management, real estate, Economics, Commerce, Business administration, marketing, foreign languages Proficiency in data analysis, forecasting, and budgeting Foreign language: Good at English (reading, writing) Nice to have Experience in sales techniques Experience with PMS software Excellent verbal and written communication, and presentation skill

Application Enter the form below and we'll contact you as soon as possible

Select one... First Choice Second Choice Third Choice

Upload a CV

Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.

Become a tech butler! Get started now with us and make your accommodation business easier with Cohost AI.

Thanks for subscribing! We will contact you as soon as possible. Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.

Cohost Homepage Cohost AI logo Smart, transparent home management.Effective, sustainable homestay business.

Contact us contact@cohost.vn

Hotline 0375918808

Company About us

Vacancies

Academy

Contact

Dedicated solutions Homestays

Hotels & Apartment Chain

Serviced Apartments

Cohost

The latest articles

Công nghệ trong ngành Hospitality: 4 xu hướng mới nhất năm 2023

Hotel Management và Hospitality Management khác nhau ở đâu?

Điểm mặt 6 xu hướng đang thay đổi ngành Hospitality năm 2023

All posts

App experience

Follow us

Cohost's Facebook Cohost's Twitter Cohost's Pinterest Cohost's LinkedIn Cohost's Youtube

©2023 Cohost.AI - All Rights Reserved Website by Lenonguyen