Ready to start hosting yet? Get our application here!

Cohost Homepage

Solution

Homestays, Villa, Resort, Apartment chains Solutions for the owners of homestays, villas, resorts, apartment chains

Hotel & hotel chains Solutions for hotel owners & hotel chains

Serviced Apartments Solutions for serviced apartment owners

Cohost Solutions for Cohost

Service

Website Website creation & design

About us

Pricing

Pricing

Learn more

BlogAcademyRecruitFrequently Asked Questions

Contact

VI

EN

Sign in Try now Hamburger Menu

Vacancies

Senior Marketing Manager Here, we work in a spirit of mutual reciprocity, constantly seeking & selecting interesting people, inspiring us to work harder. Hope you will join us in changing the world, making it better day by day, one customer at a time!

Job description

Plan and develop a strategy, implement and measure the overall marketing plan, advertising and event plan for the company's brand to be able to serve B2B partners as well as the B2C segment Track implementation and report results Market analysis, Customer segmentation, competitor product research... to develop the market, develop marketing activities in accordance with the company's business orientation Plan and implement branding, PR, event programs. Online/offline event organization (Workshop, Seminar, Webinar, Product Introduction, Bidding Tour Presentation, Teambuilding, Gala dinner,...) Plan Digital Marketing in accordance with the company strategy and directly deploy advertising campaigns for Digital channels: Facebook Ads, Google Ads, Zalo Ads ... Establish and maintain relationships with the media and press. Implement monitoring to build Online and Offline Marketing resources Building a measurement system to report marketing activities Responsible for managing, training and developing marketing staff; supervise and fulfill the set targets, report the jeets periodically and as required. Support other tasks with teams as allocated by the Board of Directors

Job Requirements Qualifications, professional experience:

Experience working in Marketing positions Knowledge of marketing departments (including traditional and digital marketing such as SEO and social media) and market research methods Experience analyzing data and using marketing tools Proficient in MS Office software, marketing software (such as Adobe Creative Suite & CRM) and SEO tools (Web analytics, Google Adwords ...) Good communication and writing skills  Proficient in Office Informatics, Powerpoint.  Skilled in product presentation or bidding  

Personal qualities:

Ability to work independently and in a team. Honesty, agility, patience, enthusiasm in work Ability to be under high pressure at work. Have a spirit of learning

Right

Competitive, competent-based salary (enough money and no financial worries so you can focus on work). Working with multinational experts, and associates with many years of experience developing software for Google, Amazon, Airbnb. Be considered for regular salary increase 2 times/year Tet bonus according to work results. Flexible working hours. Enjoy the benefits and regimes prescribed by law (Public holidays, social insurance, health insurance ...) Work in a young, dynamic, super friendly environment TGIF+ Weekly Festival Provide computers/laptops/working equipment Bonus 1 night stay at any homestay monthly

‍

Application Enter the form below and we'll contact you as soon as possible

Select one... First Choice Second Choice Third Choice

Upload a CV

Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.

Become a tech butler! Get started now with us and make your accommodation business easier with Cohost AI.

Thanks for subscribing! We will contact you as soon as possible. Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.

Cohost Homepage Cohost AI logo Smart, transparent home management.Effective, sustainable homestay business.

Contact us contact@cohost.vn

Hotline 0375918808

Company About us

Vacancies

Academy

Contact

Dedicated solutions Homestays

Hotels & Apartment Chain

Serviced Apartments

Cohost

The latest articles

Công nghệ trong ngành Hospitality: 4 xu hướng mới nhất năm 2023

Hotel Management và Hospitality Management khác nhau ở đâu?

Điểm mặt 6 xu hướng đang thay đổi ngành Hospitality năm 2023

All posts

App experience

Follow us

Cohost's Facebook Cohost's Twitter Cohost's Pinterest Cohost's LinkedIn Cohost's Youtube

©2023 Cohost.AI - All Rights Reserved Website by Lenonguyen