Ready to start hosting yet? Get our application here!

Cohost Homepage

Solution

Homestays, Villa, Resort, Apartment chains Solutions for the owners of homestays, villas, resorts, apartment chains

Hotel & hotel chains Solutions for hotel owners & hotel chains

Serviced Apartments Solutions for serviced apartment owners

Cohost Solutions for Cohost

Service

Website Website creation & design

About us

Pricing

Pricing

Learn more

BlogAcademyRecruitFrequently Asked Questions

Contact

VI

EN

Sign in Try now Hamburger Menu

Sharing economy - a new business model in the accommodation industry Cohost Club was born to help you solve the economic problems effectively in the accommodation industry. Thousands of homeowners around the world have benefited from this model. Are you ready?

Get started Contact

About Cohost AI With Cohost AI, better understand the co-host model and how technology butlers make money in the era of the sharing economy.

About us

Cohost Introduction video play button

Feature Multi-channel, cross-platform management Manage and coordinate your listings on OTA channels with a single platform!

Synchronize booking schedules

Synchronize reservations

Synchronize cross-platform messages

Supports more than 50+ platforms

ana - smart virtual assistant Smart Virtual Assistant Don't forget that Ana will be an effective hand to help you in the business process!

1

Quick queries Query information, capture the business situation quickly, conveniently, and transparently! 2

Business advisor The business situation is not very good and you do not know what to do? Had Ana to worry! 3

Automatic replies Answering customer messages automatically on your behalf thanks to AI - Artificial Intelligence

Administer Internal chat Communicate with your teammates right in the chat window with customers quickly and conveniently. Eliminate unnecessary operations, and focus on improving the customer experience!

Finance Track financial statements Financial management, and revenue transparency, thereby assessing the business situation and coming up with appropriate strategies.

Revenue report

Revenue details

$500.00 Turnover

$100.00 Cost

Other features

Message Templates Supports 6+ languages

Information reminder

Cohost Academy

Sync emails

Automatic translation

Success story

What customers say about us

Testimonial swipe left Testimonial swipe right

I sympathize with the landlords about the difficulties when operating the homestay chain because there will be many small costs incurred, so it will take a lot of energy and time to solve each of those costs. This has prompted me to look for a solution and Cohost Club is my best solution and choice.

Dhouse Dalat Villa

In the early days of running the homestay, I was sent back every week to complaints that the house was not cleaned, while I was told from maid that I had moved. And it took me a while to solve this problem. Thankfully, heaven doesn't spare people! I know about Cohost Club and the problem is completely solved.

Garden Pond Villa

Cohost AI has saved me a lot of time. I have plenty of time to focus on improving the stay experience and researching the market. Without Cohost AI, I would probably have to spend that time responding to each customer message and coordinating listings on OTA channels...

Veque Homestay Homestay

Thank you CoHost Club for helping me operate homestay more efficiently. It is now possible to digitally transform without having to worry about fixed costs anymore. Currently, I can completely spend time researching the market, as well as trending trends to attract more customers.

Beta Apartments Serviced Apartments

When I first started my homestay business, I wondered how many hosts could manage so many homestay chains at the same time. Meanwhile, with only 3 homestays, I struggle a lot. Then when I knew Cohost Club, I was answered. Now I can spend time networking to develop homestay instead of sitting and chatting with each guest as before.

Zeta Homes Homestay chains

Cohost Academy Our courses

All courses

Fundamental

7 lecture

Become a co-host.

Detail Intermediate

8 lecture

Quality management and assurance

Detail Advanced

12 lecture

Advanced Cohost skills

Detail

All courses

Blog Update the latest news

All posts

Technology July 5, 2023 Công nghệ trong ngành Hospitality: 4 xu hướng mới nhất năm 2023 Ngành Hospitality đang thay đổi chóng vì công nghệ trở thành xu hướng trong ngành Business July 3, 2023 Hotel Management và Hospitality Management khác nhau ở đâu? Hotel Management và Hospitality Management là hai khái niệm khác nhau dù hay bị nhầm lẫn là một Business July 3, 2023 Điểm mặt 6 xu hướng đang thay đổi ngành Hospitality năm 2023 Phát triển bền vững, cá nhân hóa là một số xu hướng nổi bật diễn ra trong ngành Hospitality năm 2023

All posts

Become a tech butler! Get started now with us and make your accommodation business easier with Cohost AI.

Thanks for subscribing! We will contact you as soon as possible. Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.

Cohost Homepage Cohost AI logo Smart, transparent home management.Effective, sustainable homestay business.

Contact us contact@cohost.vn

Hotline 0375918808

Company About us

Vacancies

Academy

Contact

Dedicated solutions Homestays

Hotels & Apartment Chain

Serviced Apartments

Cohost

The latest articles

Công nghệ trong ngành Hospitality: 4 xu hướng mới nhất năm 2023

Hotel Management và Hospitality Management khác nhau ở đâu?

Điểm mặt 6 xu hướng đang thay đổi ngành Hospitality năm 2023

All posts

App experience

Follow us

Cohost's Facebook Cohost's Twitter Cohost's Pinterest Cohost's LinkedIn Cohost's Youtube

©2023 Cohost.AI - All Rights Reserved Website by Lenonguyen