Ready to start hosting yet? Get our application here!

Cohost Homepage

Solution

Homestays, Villa, Resort, Apartment chains Solutions for the owners of homestays, villas, resorts, apartment chains

Hotel & hotel chains Solutions for hotel owners & hotel chains

Serviced Apartments Solutions for serviced apartment owners

Cohost Solutions for Cohost

Service

Website Website creation & design

About us

Pricing

Pricing

Learn more

BlogAcademyRecruitFrequently Asked Questions

Contact

VI

EN

Sign in Try now Hamburger Menu

Solutions for hotel owners, hotel chains Eliminating all the difficulties that homeowners are facing is the mission of Cohost AI. Join us in smart, efficient and optimal business.

Get started

cohost platform Accompany cohost AI, you will

Increase the number of loyal customers Good customer care in this service industry is paramount. You can do even better with the CRM management feature included in Cohost AI.

Say goodbye to overbookings Overbooking is really annoying and takes time to solve thoroughly. Cohost AI will help you synchronize calendars on OTA channels automatically, so you will limit overbookings.

Profit optimization Compared to the recruitment of personnel for operation and management. Using CoHost AI will help you save 30% of costs and increase revenue by 18% compared to normal.

5-star experience Cohost AI helps you work with cleaners more efficiently. Control the room status after check-in, check-out accurately.

Easy, efficient, convenient management!

Transparency of revenue and expenditure Detailed and transparent financial statements on a monthly basis. Easily manage and evaluate your business situation.

Cloud storage All data is stored in the cloud, which is convenient for querying data on multiple devices. Management becomes more flexible!

Summary of booking history All bookings will be saved in the cloud. Data retrieval is extremely easy and convenient.

Remote administration - Effective immediately

Automate work schedules Automate work schedules

Success story

What customers say about us

Testimonial swipe left Testimonial swipe right

I sympathize with the landlords about the difficulties when operating the homestay chain because there will be many small costs incurred, so it will take a lot of energy and time to solve each of those costs. This has prompted me to look for a solution and Cohost Club is my best solution and choice.

Dhouse Dalat Villa

In the early days of running the homestay, I was sent back every week to complaints that the house was not cleaned, while I was told from maid that I had moved. And it took me a while to solve this problem. Thankfully, heaven doesn't spare people! I know about Cohost Club and the problem is completely solved.

Garden Pond Villa

Cohost AI has saved me a lot of time. I have plenty of time to focus on improving the stay experience and researching the market. Without Cohost AI, I would probably have to spend that time responding to each customer message and coordinating listings on OTA channels...

Veque Homestay Homestay

Thank you CoHost Club for helping me operate homestay more efficiently. It is now possible to digitally transform without having to worry about fixed costs anymore. Currently, I can completely spend time researching the market, as well as trending trends to attract more customers.

Beta Apartments Serviced Apartments

When I first started my homestay business, I wondered how many hosts could manage so many homestay chains at the same time. Meanwhile, with only 3 homestays, I struggle a lot. Then when I knew Cohost Club, I was answered. Now I can spend time networking to develop homestay instead of sitting and chatting with each guest as before.

Zeta Homes Homestay chains

Partner

Frequently Asked Questions View all

Overview How to handle and ensure data safety at hotels?

Depending on the needs of use, hoteliers can choose between Cloud computing including Private Cloud, Public Cloud or Hybrid Cloud. With cloud computing, hotel managers will not have to worry about the risk of system attacks, security, data backups, or system connections.

Overview The hotel owner manages and operates all activities only when staying at the accommodation facility?

With Cohost AI housing management software, hoteliers can completely manage and operate their accommodation facilities remotely, no matter where they are or at any time on any device.

About features How do I minimize booking mistakes when there are already guests staying?

Multi-platform booking sync feature from all OTAs, Facebook, Zalo channels,.. Of Cohost AI software will definitely be a lifesaver for hotel owners to minimize the situation of booking mistakes even if there are guests staying.

Overview What are the outstanding benefits of cloud-based computing in accommodation management?

Technically: backing up or moving data is easier than ever. The system is always updated, the server is stable, the technology is always improved, and the schedule is also regularly maintained. In terms of cost: the input cost will be much lower than traditional PMS. Hotel owners do not have to pay server fees, maintenance fees, or manpower fees. In terms of flexibility and scalability: all big data is stored on the internet, and with a mobile-friendly design, hotel owners can completely access the system anywhere or at any time on any device. In terms of integration: the ability to experiment with new ideas and the most modern technology, using the cloud to test technologies such as artificial intelligence and machine learning algorithms. In terms of security: all systems using Cloud computing today comply with the most stringent security standards and security principles, including ISO 27001 or PCI DSS information security.

Overview Should hotels use cloud-based or traditional PMS management software?

Before answering your concerns, we would like to make the following small comparison. 1. With traditional PMS management software:

Hardware systems are not only cumbersome, complex but extremely expensive. The system is only accessible to connected computer sources on the premises of the hotel. The system costs money for maintenance and costs for IT staff.

2. With cloud-based PMS management software:

The system uses cloud computing technology, accessible from anywhere around the world. The system automatically backs up and secures information and data. Automatic and free update system, from which it is easy to upgrade and expand.

Thus, it can be concluded that cloud computing solutions bring many benefits as well as better optimization than traditional software.

View all

Become a tech butler! Get started now with us and make your accommodation business easier with Cohost AI.

Thanks for subscribing! We will contact you as soon as possible. Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.

Cohost Homepage Cohost AI logo Smart, transparent home management.Effective, sustainable homestay business.

Contact us contact@cohost.vn

Hotline 0375918808

Company About us

Vacancies

Academy

Contact

Dedicated solutions Homestays

Hotels & Apartment Chain

Serviced Apartments

Cohost

The latest articles

Công nghệ trong ngành Hospitality: 4 xu hướng mới nhất năm 2023

Hotel Management và Hospitality Management khác nhau ở đâu?

Điểm mặt 6 xu hướng đang thay đổi ngành Hospitality năm 2023

All posts

App experience

Follow us

Cohost's Facebook Cohost's Twitter Cohost's Pinterest Cohost's LinkedIn Cohost's Youtube

©2023 Cohost.AI - All Rights Reserved Website by Lenonguyen