Ready to start hosting yet? Get our application here!

Cohost Homepage

Solution

Homestays, Villa, Resort, Apartment chains Solutions for the owners of homestays, villas, resorts, apartment chains

Hotel & hotel chains Solutions for hotel owners & hotel chains

Serviced Apartments Solutions for serviced apartment owners

Cohost Solutions for Cohost

Service

Website Website creation & design

About us

Pricing

Pricing

Learn more

BlogAcademyRecruitFrequently Asked Questions

Contact

VI

EN

Sign in Try now Hamburger Menu

Solutions for homestay owners, villas, resorts, apartment chains Eliminating all the difficulties that homeowners are facing is the mission of Cohost AI. Join us in smart, efficient and optimal business.

Get started

cohost platform Accompany cohost AI, you will

Increase the number of loyal customers Good customer care in this service industry is paramount. You can do even better with the CRM management feature included in Cohost AI.

Say goodbye to overbookings Overbooking is really annoying and takes time to solve thoroughly. Cohost AI will help you synchronize calendars on OTA channels automatically, so you will limit overbookings.

Profit optimization Compared to the recruitment of personnel for operation and management. Using CoHost AI will help you save 30% of costs and increase revenue by 18% compared to normal.

5-star experience Cohost AI helps you work with cleaners more efficiently. Control the room status after check-in, check-out accurately.

Remote administration - Effective immediately

Control all activities Every activity in your business is recorded. Controlling all activities will help you minimize unnecessary accidents.

Transparency of revenue and expenditure Detailed and transparent financial statements on a monthly basis. Easily manage and evaluate your business situation.

Automate work schedules Automate work schedules

Easy access - Thousands of utilities - Cost savings

Cloud storage All data is stored in the cloud, which is convenient for querying data on multiple devices. Management becomes more flexible!

Multi-device access Access the app across a variety of devices and platforms. Management is extremely convenient and flexible.

Summary of booking history All bookings will be saved in the cloud. Data retrieval is extremely easy and convenient.

Success story

What customers say about us

Testimonial swipe left Testimonial swipe right

I sympathize with the landlords about the difficulties when operating the homestay chain because there will be many small costs incurred, so it will take a lot of energy and time to solve each of those costs. This has prompted me to look for a solution and Cohost Club is my best solution and choice.

Dhouse Dalat Villa

In the early days of running the homestay, I was sent back every week to complaints that the house was not cleaned, while I was told from maid that I had moved. And it took me a while to solve this problem. Thankfully, heaven doesn't spare people! I know about Cohost Club and the problem is completely solved.

Garden Pond Villa

Cohost AI has saved me a lot of time. I have plenty of time to focus on improving the stay experience and researching the market. Without Cohost AI, I would probably have to spend that time responding to each customer message and coordinating listings on OTA channels...

Veque Homestay Homestay

Thank you CoHost Club for helping me operate homestay more efficiently. It is now possible to digitally transform without having to worry about fixed costs anymore. Currently, I can completely spend time researching the market, as well as trending trends to attract more customers.

Beta Apartments Serviced Apartments

When I first started my homestay business, I wondered how many hosts could manage so many homestay chains at the same time. Meanwhile, with only 3 homestays, I struggle a lot. Then when I knew Cohost Club, I was answered. Now I can spend time networking to develop homestay instead of sitting and chatting with each guest as before.

Zeta Homes Homestay chains

Partner

Frequently Asked Questions View all

About features What jobs does the software support property owners in?

Cohost AI software supports homeowners: Automatic check-in/out. 

Multi-channel synchronization, helping to manage 100+ sales channels leisurely. Keep a close eye on financial statements. Support to answer customers 24/7 with Chatbot applying artificial intelligence.. Message group management includes 2 modes of guest messaging and internal messaging. Displays each listing's monthly, weekly, and daily calendar, showing the listing's scheduling status. Support flexible automatic translation when chatting with international guests. Supports sample messages in 5+ languages. Payment with a variety of channels (Momo, VnPay, Credit card). Provide a methodical check-list system to control assets.

About features How to simultaneously increase personnel efficiency and reduce operating costs at the same time?

Homeowners can completely increase personnel efficiency and reduce operating costs at the same time if using the following features of the software:

Multi-channel synchronization: Helps manage 100+ sales channels leisurely, reduces opening multiple windows by 100% and avoids overbooking. Chatbot applies artificial intelligence to support customer response: Helping to save 80% of the volume of information that has to be exchanged with customers. Automatic check-in/ out: Helps cut 30% of the amount of time and effort the host has to spend to check in / out for guests. Methodical check-list system to control assets: Helps control 95% of room quality risks and property loss.

Overview Is it possible to operate a homestay with a staff of 1-3 people?

You can completely operate homestay / villa / ... with a staff size of 1-3 people when using Cohost AI software with artificial intelligence applications.  Specifically, our software has taken on three roles at the same time: Customer Care, Finance and Accounting and Sales & Marketing.

Overview Can landlords only manage and operate all activities when they are present at the accommodation facility?

With Cohost AI housing management software, homeowners can completely manage and operate their accommodation facilities remotely, no matter where they are or at any time on any device.

View all

Become a tech butler! Get started now with us and make your accommodation business easier with Cohost AI.

Thanks for subscribing! We will contact you as soon as possible. Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.

Cohost Homepage Cohost AI logo Smart, transparent home management.Effective, sustainable homestay business.

Contact us contact@cohost.vn

Hotline 0375918808

Company About us

Vacancies

Academy

Contact

Dedicated solutions Homestays

Hotels & Apartment Chain

Serviced Apartments

Cohost

The latest articles

Công nghệ trong ngành Hospitality: 4 xu hướng mới nhất năm 2023

Hotel Management và Hospitality Management khác nhau ở đâu?

Điểm mặt 6 xu hướng đang thay đổi ngành Hospitality năm 2023

All posts

App experience

Follow us

Cohost's Facebook Cohost's Twitter Cohost's Pinterest Cohost's LinkedIn Cohost's Youtube

©2023 Cohost.AI - All Rights Reserved Website by Lenonguyen