Ready to start hosting yet? Get our application here!

Cohost Homepage

Solution

Homestays, Villa, Resort, Apartment chains Solutions for the owners of homestays, villas, resorts, apartment chains

Hotel & hotel chains Solutions for hotel owners & hotel chains

Serviced Apartments Solutions for serviced apartment owners

Cohost Solutions for Cohost

Service

Website Website creation & design

About us

Pricing

Pricing

Learn more

BlogAcademyRecruitFrequently Asked Questions

Contact

VI

EN

Sign in Try now Hamburger Menu

Solutions for Cohost - Tech Butler Eliminating all the difficulties that homeowners are facing is the mission of Cohost AI. Join us in smart, efficient and optimal business.

Get started

cohost platform Accompany cohost AI, you will

Increase the number of loyal customers Good customer care in this service industry is paramount. You can do even better with the CRM management feature included in Cohost AI.

Say goodbye to overbookings Overbooking is really annoying and takes time to solve thoroughly. Cohost AI will help you synchronize calendars on OTA channels automatically, so you will limit overbookings.

Profit optimization Compared to the recruitment of personnel for operation and management. Using CoHost AI will help you save 30% of costs and increase revenue by 18% compared to normal.

5-star experience Cohost AI helps you work with cleaners more efficiently. Control the room status after check-in, check-out accurately.

Upgrade your butler skills!

Institute of Technology Butlers Upgrade your butler skills with Cohost courses. You will learn from the leading experts in the accommodation industry.

Transparency of revenue and expenditure Detailed and transparent financial statements on a monthly basis. Easily manage and evaluate your business situation.

Cloud storage All data is stored in the cloud, which is convenient for querying data on multiple devices. Management becomes more flexible!

Operate hundreds of units at a time!

Multi-channel management Adjust the price, status, and calendar of listings on a single platform. Changes will be updated and synchronized on OTA channels completely automatically.

Reply to messages automatically Ana will help hosts respond to customer messages completely automatically thanks to artificial intelligence.

Multilingual translation Break down language barriers with Cohost AI's automated translation feature. It is very easy to communicate with foreign customers.

Success story

What customers say about us

Testimonial swipe left Testimonial swipe right

I sympathize with the landlords about the difficulties when operating the homestay chain because there will be many small costs incurred, so it will take a lot of energy and time to solve each of those costs. This has prompted me to look for a solution and Cohost Club is my best solution and choice.

Dhouse Dalat Villa

In the early days of running the homestay, I was sent back every week to complaints that the house was not cleaned, while I was told from maid that I had moved. And it took me a while to solve this problem. Thankfully, heaven doesn't spare people! I know about Cohost Club and the problem is completely solved.

Garden Pond Villa

Cohost AI has saved me a lot of time. I have plenty of time to focus on improving the stay experience and researching the market. Without Cohost AI, I would probably have to spend that time responding to each customer message and coordinating listings on OTA channels...

Veque Homestay Homestay

Thank you CoHost Club for helping me operate homestay more efficiently. It is now possible to digitally transform without having to worry about fixed costs anymore. Currently, I can completely spend time researching the market, as well as trending trends to attract more customers.

Beta Apartments Serviced Apartments

When I first started my homestay business, I wondered how many hosts could manage so many homestay chains at the same time. Meanwhile, with only 3 homestays, I struggle a lot. Then when I knew Cohost Club, I was answered. Now I can spend time networking to develop homestay instead of sitting and chatting with each guest as before.

Zeta Homes Homestay chains

Partner

Frequently Asked Questions View all

Overview Can co-hosts only manage and operate all activities when present at the accommodation facility?

With Cohost AI housing management software, co-homeowners can completely manage and operate their accommodation facilities remotely, no matter where they are or at any time on any device.

Overview With CoHost AI accommodation management software, can co-hosts really manage the house alone?

Co-homeowners can completely operate serviced apartments alone when using Cohost AI software with artificial intelligence applications. Specifically, our software has taken on three roles at the same time: Customer Care, Finance and Accounting and Sales & Marketing.

About features What benefits do co-hosts benefit from CoHost AI accommodation management software?

Cohost AI software supports co-hosts:

Automatic check-in/out.  Multi-channel synchronization, helping to manage 100+ sales channels leisurely. Keep a close eye on financial statements. Support to answer customers 24/7 with Chatbot applying artificial intelligence. Message group management includes 2 modes of guest messaging and internal messaging. Displays each listing's monthly, weekly, and daily calendar, showing the listing's scheduling status. Support flexible automatic translation when chatting with international guests. Supports sample messages in 5+ languages. Payment with a variety of channels (Momo, VnPay, Credit card). Provide a methodical check-list system to control assets. Offer e-training courses on co-host professions.

Overview Who is a co-host?

Co-hosts – co-hosts are people who will help the host with the accommodation business. Host - the landlord will hire cohosts to assist in managing one or more listings. Therefore, the co-host acts as the manager of the apartment and house instead of the landlord.  The co-hosts will ensure that the accommodation business is going smoothly by supporting and reducing the burden on the landlords. Co-hosts can help hosts with every aspect of their business, from apartment cleaning to customer care.  A co-host can be a friend, a neighbor. It is more convenient for homeowners if the co-hosts are people they know and trust before. Another option is to hire professional cohosts outside.

View all

Become a tech butler! Get started now with us and make your accommodation business easier with Cohost AI.

Thanks for subscribing! We will contact you as soon as possible. Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.

Cohost Homepage Cohost AI logo Smart, transparent home management.Effective, sustainable homestay business.

Contact us contact@cohost.vn

Hotline 0375918808

Company About us

Vacancies

Academy

Contact

Dedicated solutions Homestays

Hotels & Apartment Chain

Serviced Apartments

Cohost

The latest articles

Công nghệ trong ngành Hospitality: 4 xu hướng mới nhất năm 2023

Hotel Management và Hospitality Management khác nhau ở đâu?

Điểm mặt 6 xu hướng đang thay đổi ngành Hospitality năm 2023

All posts

App experience

Follow us

Cohost's Facebook Cohost's Twitter Cohost's Pinterest Cohost's LinkedIn Cohost's Youtube

©2023 Cohost.AI - All Rights Reserved Website by Lenonguyen