Ready to start hosting yet? Get our application here!

Cohost Homepage

Solution

Homestays, Villa, Resort, Apartment chains Solutions for the owners of homestays, villas, resorts, apartment chains

Hotel & hotel chains Solutions for hotel owners & hotel chains

Serviced Apartments Solutions for serviced apartment owners

Cohost Solutions for Cohost

Service

Website Website creation & design

About us

Pricing

Pricing

Learn more

BlogAcademyRecruitFrequently Asked Questions

Contact

VI

EN

Sign in Try now Hamburger Menu

Home page Frequently Asked Questions The page answers questions, concerns and issues related to the topic of accommodation, hotel service business & difficulties when using Cohost AI application.

Overview

About features About the cost About instructions for use About the solution

Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.

Overview What is the difference of CoHost AI compared to other management software?

Compared to most management software today that only focuses on a single solution according to each form of accommodation business, Cohost AI is more than that when it comes to bringing a variety of solutions to homeowners, hotel owners, resorts,... In addition, chatbots applying Artificial Intelligence are one of the bright spots in Cohost AI accommodation management software - helping accommodation business owners to simultaneously reduce operating costs by 100% and increase human resource efficiency by 100%.

About the solution CoHost AI software can only bring solutions to homestay owners?

Cohost AI software provides a variety of solutions for:

Owner of homestay, villa, resort, chain of apartments Hotel owners, hotel chains Serviced apartment owner Co-host or co-host

About instructions for use Where can I log in to CoHost AI storage management software?

To be able to use CoHost AI property management software, please visit the "app.cohost.club" website or download the "Cohost AI Property Management" software at the Appstore (for IOS) or Google Play (for Androi).

Overview Can co-hosts only manage and operate all activities when present at the accommodation facility?

With Cohost AI housing management software, co-homeowners can completely manage and operate their accommodation facilities remotely, no matter where they are or at any time on any device.

Overview With CoHost AI accommodation management software, can co-hosts really manage the house alone?

Co-homeowners can completely operate serviced apartments alone when using Cohost AI software with artificial intelligence applications. Specifically, our software has taken on three roles at the same time: Customer Care, Finance and Accounting and Sales & Marketing.

About features What benefits do co-hosts benefit from CoHost AI accommodation management software?

Cohost AI software supports co-hosts:

Automatic check-in/out.  Multi-channel synchronization, helping to manage 100+ sales channels leisurely. Keep a close eye on financial statements. Support to answer customers 24/7 with Chatbot applying artificial intelligence. Message group management includes 2 modes of guest messaging and internal messaging. Displays each listing's monthly, weekly, and daily calendar, showing the listing's scheduling status. Support flexible automatic translation when chatting with international guests. Supports sample messages in 5+ languages. Payment with a variety of channels (Momo, VnPay, Credit card). Provide a methodical check-list system to control assets. Offer e-training courses on co-host professions.

Overview Who is a co-host?

Co-hosts – co-hosts are people who will help the host with the accommodation business. Host - the landlord will hire cohosts to assist in managing one or more listings. Therefore, the co-host acts as the manager of the apartment and house instead of the landlord.  The co-hosts will ensure that the accommodation business is going smoothly by supporting and reducing the burden on the landlords. Co-hosts can help hosts with every aspect of their business, from apartment cleaning to customer care.  A co-host can be a friend, a neighbor. It is more convenient for homeowners if the co-hosts are people they know and trust before. Another option is to hire professional cohosts outside.

About features What specific jobs does the software support serviced apartment owners?

Cohost AI software supports homeowners:

Automatic check-in/out.  Multi-channel synchronization, helping to manage 100+ sales channels leisurely. Keep a close eye on financial statements. Support to answer customers 24/7 with Chatbot applying artificial intelligence. Message group management includes 2 modes of guest messaging and internal messaging. Displays each listing's monthly, weekly, and daily calendar, showing the listing's scheduling status. Support flexible automatic translation when chatting with international guests. Supports sample messages in 5+ languages. Payment with a variety of channels (Momo, VnPay, Credit card). Provide a methodical check-list system to control assets. Offer e-training courses on co-host professions.

Overview Is it possible to operate a serviced apartment with a staff of only one person?

You can completely operate a serviced apartment alone when using Cohost AI software with artificial intelligence applications. Specifically, our software has taken on three roles at the same time: Customer Care, Finance and Accounting and Sales & Marketing.

About features How to simultaneously increase personnel efficiency and reduce operating costs at the same time?

Homeowners can completely increase personnel efficiency and reduce operating costs at the same time if using the following features of the software:

Multi-channel synchronization: Helps manage 100+ sales channels leisurely, reduces opening multiple windows by 100% and avoids overbooking. Chatbot applies artificial intelligence to support customer response: Helping to save 80% of the volume of information that has to be exchanged with customers. Automatic check-in/ out: Helps cut 30% of the amount of time and effort the host has to spend to check in / out for guests. Methodical check-list system to control assets: Helps control 95% of room quality risks and property loss.

‍

Overview Serviced apartment owners can only manage and operate all activities when present at the accommodation facility?

With Cohost AI housing management software, homeowners can completely manage and operate their accommodation facilities remotely, no matter where they are or at any time on any device.

Overview How to handle and ensure data safety at hotels?

Depending on the needs of use, hoteliers can choose between Cloud computing including Private Cloud, Public Cloud or Hybrid Cloud. With cloud computing, hotel managers will not have to worry about the risk of system attacks, security, data backups, or system connections.

Overview The hotel owner manages and operates all activities only when staying at the accommodation facility?

With Cohost AI housing management software, hoteliers can completely manage and operate their accommodation facilities remotely, no matter where they are or at any time on any device.

About features How do I minimize booking mistakes when there are already guests staying?

Multi-platform booking sync feature from all OTAs, Facebook, Zalo channels,.. Of Cohost AI software will definitely be a lifesaver for hotel owners to minimize the situation of booking mistakes even if there are guests staying.

Overview What are the outstanding benefits of cloud-based computing in accommodation management?

Technically: backing up or moving data is easier than ever. The system is always updated, the server is stable, the technology is always improved, and the schedule is also regularly maintained. In terms of cost: the input cost will be much lower than traditional PMS. Hotel owners do not have to pay server fees, maintenance fees, or manpower fees. In terms of flexibility and scalability: all big data is stored on the internet, and with a mobile-friendly design, hotel owners can completely access the system anywhere or at any time on any device. In terms of integration: the ability to experiment with new ideas and the most modern technology, using the cloud to test technologies such as artificial intelligence and machine learning algorithms. In terms of security: all systems using Cloud computing today comply with the most stringent security standards and security principles, including ISO 27001 or PCI DSS information security.

Overview Should hotels use cloud-based or traditional PMS management software?

Before answering your concerns, we would like to make the following small comparison. 1. With traditional PMS management software:

Hardware systems are not only cumbersome, complex but extremely expensive. The system is only accessible to connected computer sources on the premises of the hotel. The system costs money for maintenance and costs for IT staff.

2. With cloud-based PMS management software:

The system uses cloud computing technology, accessible from anywhere around the world. The system automatically backs up and secures information and data. Automatic and free update system, from which it is easy to upgrade and expand.

Thus, it can be concluded that cloud computing solutions bring many benefits as well as better optimization than traditional software.

About features What jobs does the software support property owners in?

Cohost AI software supports homeowners: Automatic check-in/out. 

Multi-channel synchronization, helping to manage 100+ sales channels leisurely. Keep a close eye on financial statements. Support to answer customers 24/7 with Chatbot applying artificial intelligence.. Message group management includes 2 modes of guest messaging and internal messaging. Displays each listing's monthly, weekly, and daily calendar, showing the listing's scheduling status. Support flexible automatic translation when chatting with international guests. Supports sample messages in 5+ languages. Payment with a variety of channels (Momo, VnPay, Credit card). Provide a methodical check-list system to control assets.

About features How to simultaneously increase personnel efficiency and reduce operating costs at the same time?

Homeowners can completely increase personnel efficiency and reduce operating costs at the same time if using the following features of the software:

Multi-channel synchronization: Helps manage 100+ sales channels leisurely, reduces opening multiple windows by 100% and avoids overbooking. Chatbot applies artificial intelligence to support customer response: Helping to save 80% of the volume of information that has to be exchanged with customers. Automatic check-in/ out: Helps cut 30% of the amount of time and effort the host has to spend to check in / out for guests. Methodical check-list system to control assets: Helps control 95% of room quality risks and property loss.

Overview Is it possible to operate a homestay with a staff of 1-3 people?

You can completely operate homestay / villa / ... with a staff size of 1-3 people when using Cohost AI software with artificial intelligence applications.  Specifically, our software has taken on three roles at the same time: Customer Care, Finance and Accounting and Sales & Marketing.

Overview Can landlords only manage and operate all activities when they are present at the accommodation facility?

With Cohost AI housing management software, homeowners can completely manage and operate their accommodation facilities remotely, no matter where they are or at any time on any device.

About features What salient features does the management software include?

More than simply a housing management software, CoHost AI practically takes on more than one job with performance equivalent to 3 positions: FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, MULTI-PLATFORM OMNICHANNEL MANAGEMENT and CUSTOMER CARE ANA VIRTUAL ASSISTANT. These are also the 3 biggest and most prominent features of the software.

Overview Can the management software interact with guests?

Cohost AI accommodation management software can completely interact and take care of guests. In particular, with ana virtual assistant automatic response - 24/7 guest care, homeowners minimize complaints of slow message responses as well as save time on customer care.

Overview Is there a need for a housekeeper at the accommodation facility anymore?

Cohost AI acts as a technology butler to help manage accommodation facilities from A->Z remotely. However, housekeepers at the accommodation facility are still extremely necessary, to be able to directly take care of customers if there is a problem during the stay as well as to preserve the facilities. 

Overview How many accounts are needed on the app when managing multiple housing?

With only a single account on a CoHost AI management software platform, you can completely manage and operate multiple listings at the same time.

Overview What is CoHost AI?

Cohost AI is a pioneering application platform using Artificial Intelligence designed to improve the experience as well as bring travelers 5-star experiences. At the same time, this is also a tool to help managers of houses, apartments, hotels, resorts, .... operate and take care of guests more efficiently. The software aims to optimize revenue and save time and effort during operation - management. In addition, the software also acts as a bridge between landlords and co-hosts, helping to operate the chain of accommodation facilities more efficiently.

Overview How to partner with CoHost AI?

Contact us here! All questions will be answered in a flash

About the cost How much does it cost to cooperate with CoHost AI?

The cost of cooperating with Cohost AI will depend on the level of commitment along with the individual requirements from the partner.

Become a tech butler! Get started now with us and make your accommodation business easier with Cohost AI.

Thanks for subscribing! We will contact you as soon as possible. Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.

Cohost Homepage Cohost AI logo Smart, transparent home management.Effective, sustainable homestay business.

Contact us contact@cohost.vn

Hotline 0375918808

Company About us

Vacancies

Academy

Contact

Dedicated solutions Homestays

Hotels & Apartment Chain

Serviced Apartments

Cohost

The latest articles

Công nghệ trong ngành Hospitality: 4 xu hướng mới nhất năm 2023

Hotel Management và Hospitality Management khác nhau ở đâu?

Điểm mặt 6 xu hướng đang thay đổi ngành Hospitality năm 2023

All posts

App experience

Follow us

Cohost's Facebook Cohost's Twitter Cohost's Pinterest Cohost's LinkedIn Cohost's Youtube

©2023 Cohost.AI - All Rights Reserved Website by Lenonguyen