Ready to start hosting yet? Get our application here!

Cohost Homepage

Solution

Homestays, Villa, Resort, Apartment chains Solutions for the owners of homestays, villas, resorts, apartment chains

Hotel & hotel chains Solutions for hotel owners & hotel chains

Serviced Apartments Solutions for serviced apartment owners

Cohost Solutions for Cohost

Service

Website Website creation & design

About us

Pricing

Pricing

Learn more

BlogAcademyRecruitFrequently Asked Questions

Contact

VI

EN

Sign in Try now Hamburger Menu

Vacancies

Trainee AI Engineer Cohost AI is a small innovative startup organization, we work on the spirit of mutual reciprocity, constantly looking for & recruiting interesting people, inspiring us to work harder. Hope you will join us in changing the world, making it better day by day, one customer at a time...

Responsibilities - Participate in web and mobile application development on iOS/Android platform - Perform other tasks at the request of the team leader. Must Have - Our first request is curiosity, inquisitiveness in you. - You are a student who is in the internship of the school or want to strengthen your knowledge of programming languages; - Already know the basics of programming. Pass the Entry Test. - Positive working attitude. - Honesty, agility, enthusiasm for work. - Ability to withstand high pressure at work. Nice To Have - Be able to read and understand English documents. - Students have fulltime working time and have a desire to stick with them for a long time. What's great in the job? - Internship support from 3,000,000 / month, lunch allowance, gasoline allowance. - Be trained in practical projects - Working in a dynamic, friendly and professional environment, having the opportunity to become a full-time employee after the internship. - Provide adequate equipment to serve the job. - Support good paperwork and stamps and comments after the end of the internship. ‍

Application Enter the form below and we'll contact you as soon as possible

Select one... First Choice Second Choice Third Choice

Upload a CV

Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.

Become a tech butler! Get started now with us and make your accommodation business easier with Cohost AI.

Thanks for subscribing! We will contact you as soon as possible. Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.

Cohost Homepage Cohost AI logo Smart, transparent home management.Effective, sustainable homestay business.

Contact us contact@cohost.vn

Hotline 0375918808

Company About us

Vacancies

Academy

Contact

Dedicated solutions Homestays

Hotels & Apartment Chain

Serviced Apartments

Cohost

The latest articles

Công nghệ trong ngành Hospitality: 4 xu hướng mới nhất năm 2023

Hotel Management và Hospitality Management khác nhau ở đâu?

Điểm mặt 6 xu hướng đang thay đổi ngành Hospitality năm 2023

All posts

App experience

Follow us

Cohost's Facebook Cohost's Twitter Cohost's Pinterest Cohost's LinkedIn Cohost's Youtube

©2023 Cohost.AI - All Rights Reserved Website by Lenonguyen