Ready to start hosting yet? Get our application here!

Cohost Homepage

Solution

Homestays, Villa, Resort, Apartment chains Solutions for the owners of homestays, villas, resorts, apartment chains

Hotel & hotel chains Solutions for hotel owners & hotel chains

Serviced Apartments Solutions for serviced apartment owners

Cohost Solutions for Cohost

Service

Website Website creation & design

About us

Pricing

Pricing

Learn more

BlogAcademyRecruitFrequently Asked Questions

Contact

VI

EN

Sign in Try now Hamburger Menu

Vacancies

Data & Machine Learning Engineer Love to analyze data and devise insight from it? We have gather millions of data points every day about the world of home sharers and real estate industry around the world. Jupiter Notebook, Tensorflow, pyTorch, Airflow, Superset, d3js sounds familiar? Shoot us an email NOW!!!

Responsibilities

Do ad-hoc analysis and present results in a clear manner. Jupyter Notebook is a plus. Convert valuable ad-hoc analysis into standard customer reports. Google Data Studio is a plus. Selecting and integrating any big data tools and frameworks necessary to: 

Apply state-of-the-art machine learning techniques  Visualize data from our customers in real time

Extending cohost.ai's data with third party sources of information when needed Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis

Challenges

Analyze 1M conversations in minutes. Predict pricing for thousands listings per day.   Turn data into products. Collaborate effectively during Covid19. Share everything you do with smart colleagues. Have fun even when a crisis happens.

Must Have

Good understanding of data structures, algorithms and design patterns.  Good command of source code management such as Github/Gitlab Good. English writing skill is a plus. Understand SOA - Service Oriented Architecture, RESTful API.  Passionate about the latest developments in technology  Fast learner and open to constructive criticism.

What's great about the job?

Join a small but quickly growing team with international backgrounds.  Opportunity to work and learn with an experienced founders team and state-of-the-art technologies.  Enjoy various perks and benefits from a wide network of merchants  Grow your professional skills at one of the most exciting prop-tech companies in Vietnam and... Experience the fun & excitement of working in a fast-paced environment  Flexible hours and locations.  Travel benefits such as free accommodation and our own experiences.

Application Enter the form below and we'll contact you as soon as possible

Select one... First Choice Second Choice Third Choice

Upload a CV

Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.

Become a tech butler! Get started now with us and make your accommodation business easier with Cohost AI.

Thanks for subscribing! We will contact you as soon as possible. Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.

Cohost Homepage Cohost AI logo Smart, transparent home management.Effective, sustainable homestay business.

Contact us contact@cohost.vn

Hotline 0375918808

Company About us

Vacancies

Academy

Contact

Dedicated solutions Homestays

Hotels & Apartment Chain

Serviced Apartments

Cohost

The latest articles

Công nghệ trong ngành Hospitality: 4 xu hướng mới nhất năm 2023

Hotel Management và Hospitality Management khác nhau ở đâu?

Điểm mặt 6 xu hướng đang thay đổi ngành Hospitality năm 2023

All posts

App experience

Follow us

Cohost's Facebook Cohost's Twitter Cohost's Pinterest Cohost's LinkedIn Cohost's Youtube

©2023 Cohost.AI - All Rights Reserved Website by Lenonguyen